[Modal] Pass an activator element to the modal (#2206)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED-v5.md

### Enhancements

> - Add an activator prop to the `Modal` ([#2206](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2206))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an activator prop to `Modal` so that focus can be returned to it when the `Modal` is closed ([#2206](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2206))
```
